1 . What is seo and explain the importence of seo ?

What is seo?

SEO - stands for search engine optimization.

SEO is the practice of increasing the quantity and quality of traffic 
to your website through organic search engine results. A higher rank 
when someone searches a term in your industry increases your brand’s 
visibility online. The increase in visibility will drive more organic
 traffic to your site, and this, in turn, gives you more opportunities
 to convert qualified prospects into customers. When done correctly, 
SEO can help your brand stand above others as a trustworthy company 
and further improve the user’s experience with your brand and website. 


importence of seo ?

Visibility and Rankings

When searching for a service or product online, users are more likely
 to choose one of the top five suggestions that the search engine 
shows them. After all, while Google may return thousands upon thousands
 of search results for any given term, the vast majority of searchers 
never make it past the first page, and more than 25% of people click the
 first search result they see. SEO helps you rank higher in search results
 and garner more visibility online, making potential customers more likely
 to click over to your site and convert.

	Even if users don’t visit and convert now, simply populating in the
 rankings will make users more familiar with your brand. In the future, 
they’re more likely to remember your brand name the next time they’re interested
 in associated products and services, and they may search for you directly.

Web Traffic

To put it simply—if potential customers can’t find your website, you miss out
 on sales opportunities. SEO increases your organic search engine traffic, in
 turn increasing the number of visitors your website sees each day. This directly
 correlates to an increase in sales—because the more relevant people see your 
site, the more chances you have to sell to them. 

Trustworthy

The better optimized your site is, the higher you’ll appear on search engines 
like Google and Bing. While ranking higher on Google is appealing to all brands
 because of increased visibility, a secondary benefit is the trust you gain with
 potential customers. Users tend to defer to the recommendations that a search 
engine generates, so having a higher position for the keywords a user is searching
 for will solidify your product or service as trustworthy in the user’s mind. 

User Experience

A well-optimized website clearly communicates what product or service is being 
offered, shows how to obtain it, and answers any questions surrounding it. User 
experience is a major ranking factor for Google. This means that by catering the
 site to appeal to search engines like Google and Bing, you’re also catering it 
to the user’s experience. This means both search engines and users are able to 
easily get the information they need. On the other hand, if a user struggles to
 navigate your site, chances are that search engines will as well.

Growth

There’s no doubt about it—SEO carries a lot of importance for the growth of 
your brand. As we mentioned above, the higher you rank on a search engine for a
 variety of high-volume keywords, the more organic (aka non-paid) web traffic 
your site will receive. It’s as simple as that. A website that is well optimized
 is more likely to gain more customers and make more sales due to increased lead
 generation. People are also more likely to share your brand across other social
 platforms like Facebook or Instagram once they’ve found your website through a 
search engine.






